*: add release notes for 1.0 RC.1 (#192)
pingcap/dm: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [1.0-rc.1] 2019-07-01

> - Remove the restriction of "the next DDL statement cannot be executed unless the current DDL operation is completely finished" for incremental migration [#177](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/177)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the restriction of "the next shard DDL statement cannot be executed unless the current shard DDL operation is completely finished in shard merge scene for incremental migration" [#177](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/177)
```

> - Support auto retry when meeting the error of `invalid connection` for incremental migration [#66](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/66)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support retry task on the `invalid connection` error for binlog replication [#66](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/66)
```

- Support generating `-schema-create.sql` files automatically for full migration [#186](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/186)

> - Use [TiDB SQL Parser](https://github.com/pingcap/parser) to parse and restore DDL statements in binlog query events, and remove the `using` statement when replicating to downstream [#54](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/54)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [TiDB SQL Parser](https://github.com/pingcap/parser) to parse and restore DDL statements in binlog query events, and remove the `using db` statement when replicating to downstream [#54](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/54)
```

> - Support migrate tables with generated column for full and incremental migration [#42](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/43) [#60](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/60)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support migrate tables with generated column for full migration and binlog replication [#42](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/43) [#60](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/60)
```

> - Support migrate tables with generated column for full and incremental migration [#42](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/43) [#60](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/60)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support migrating tables with generated column for full and incremental migration [#42](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/43) [#60](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/60)
```

> - Support migrating tables with generated column for full migration and binlog replication [#42](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/43) [#60](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/60)

Reviewer 3: Is this PR 42 or 43?

Author: Good catch! fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/192/commits/8c8bdefc0adf06922abe7495e5156f847a9da50e.

- Support appending the task name as a suffix to the dumped data directory (`dir` in the task configuration file) for full migration [#100](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/100)
- Support resuming tasks automatically after the DM-worker process restarted [#88](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/88) [#116](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/116)
- Support skipping pre-check items when starting tasks [#65](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/65)

> - Support case-insensitive binlog event type in Binlog Event Filter rules [#188](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/188)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support case-insensitive in binlog event type of Binlog Event Filter rules [#188](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/188)
```

- Optimize relay log mechanism to improve compatibility with upstream MySQL/MariaDB [#92](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/92) [#108](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/108) [#117](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/117) [#140](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/140) [#171](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/171)

> - Optimize RCP framework to limit the concurrency between DM-master and DM-worker [#157](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/157)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimize RPC framework to limit the concurrency between DM-master and DM-worker [#157](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/157)
```

- Redirect the log of mydumper into the log of DM-worker [#93](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/93)
- Support using `--print-sample-config` command flag to show the sample config of DM-worker and DM-master [#28](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/28)
- Support showing the status of sharding DDL replication in the Grafana dashboard and optimize the dashboard [#96](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/96) [#101](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/101) [#120](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/120)
- Support setting the `max_allowed_packet` parameter for the database connection to the upstream and downstream [#99](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/99) 
- Support using `unsafe_cleanup` in DM Ansible to clean components of DM cluster [#128](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/128)

> - Fix the wrong flush for checkpoint when existing multiple sharding groups [#124](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/124)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix flush checkpoint wrongly when existing multiple sharding groups [#124](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/124)
```

> - Fix the wrong progress when loading dumped files [#89](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the wrong progress status when loading dumped files [#89](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/89)
```

> - Improve the test framework and test cases greatly and improve the correctness significantly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Greatly improve the test to ensure correctness
```

> - Fix multiple other bugs that don't affect correctness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix many other bugs that don't affect correctness
```
